Refs #34434 -- Added note about breaking changes in psycopg version 3 to release notes. (#16722)
django/django: docs/releases/4.2.txt

Support for ``psycopg2`` is likely to be deprecated and removed at some point
in the future.

>   .. admonition:: psycopg3 introduces breaking changes over psycopg2
> 
>      Before upgrading to psycopg3 please be aware of any changes you may need to
>      make to raw queries as documented in: `Differences from psycopg2`_.

Reviewer: We've avoided the `pyscopg3` terminology as the package is actually called `psycopg`

```suggestion
.. admonition:: ``psycopg >= 3`` introduces breaking changes over ``psycopg2``

   Before upgrading please be aware of any changes you may need to make to account for `differences from psycopg2`_
```
